(BARNEY EXCLAIMING)
Lily, I heard this
great joke at work
today.
Dude, come on.
She's not gonna like it.
It's boy-funny.
It's not girl-funny.
That is sexist!
Funny is funny,
Ted.
Lily's cool.
She'll appreciate this.
You're on your own, man.
Just tell me the joke.
Okay. Ready?
Lily, what's the difference
between peanut butter and
jam?
(SNICKERING)
See? It's funny.
It's boy-funny.
She's not gonna like it.
Why don't you
let me decide?
(EXCLAIMING)
What's the difference
between peanut butter
and jam?
OLDER TED:
And then Barney
said the punch line.
To this day, it's
still the dirtiest joke
I've ever heard in my life.
And no,
I'm not gonna say it.
Yeah, I can't hang
out with you anymore.
(LAUGHING) Oh, come on.
That's a funny joke.
Told you.
She'll be back.
OLDER TED: And we didn't
see Lily for four weeks.
OLDER TED: Kids,
after getting laid off,
I was
finally pursuing
my lifelong dream,
starting my own
architecture firm.
All I needed
was some clients.
I think it's so great that
you're striking out on
your own, Ted.
I admire that.
Thanks.
And thanks for being so cool
with me using the apartment.
Oh,
yeah, of course.
Anything you need.
(CHEERING ON TV)
Hey, small thing, do you mind
not watching television
during business hours?
This isn't working!
I'm sorry. It's just,
I can't concentrate
while Wheel of Fortune is...
(WHEEL DINGS)
A penny saved is
a Penny Marshall!
Yes!
Ted, I know you're nervous,
but you've got to stop
procrastinating.
You've spent the last two days
choosing the official pen of
Mosbius Designs.
Hey, I've made
some progress, huh?
I've eliminated felt-tip.
Who am I kidding?
Felt's back in
the ball game.
Hey. You hear there's
gonna be more layoffs?
I know.
I'm freaking out.
Are you worried?
Are you kidding?
The things I know
about this company,
I won't ever be fired.
I mean,
there's a pretty good chance
one day I'll wash up on shore
with no fingerprints or
teeth, but I won't be
fired.
Well,
I wish I had
your confidence.
Look,
you just need a way to make
yourself absolutely essential.
Well, I work harder
than anyone in my
division.
Yeah. Keeping your job has
nothing to do with hard work.
You need a thing.
What do you mean, a thing?
You know, something
that makes you fun
and well-liked,
like Marcus Denisco.
OLDER TED: Marcus Denisco
worked in Account Services
and was perhaps
the most expendable
employee at the company.
I brought some donuts.
They're probably stupid.
OLDER TED: But eventually,
he came to be known as...
Food Guy!
Who wants some pulled pork?
Of course you do! Come on!
(ALL CHEERING)
I love Food Guy.
They could never lay him off.
Mmm-hmm.
You know what I
love about Food Guy?
He always has food.
See? That's what you need.
You need that thing
that makes you a guy.
Oh, I have that
thing that makes me a guy.
Maybe even a guy and a half.
Not that thing.
You know, a thing.
Like Toy Guy.
Guys, bad news.
As your HR rep, I gotta review
the new overtime scheduling
policy with you.
The good news is
we're gonna do it while
wearing Wolverine claws!
(CHEERING)
Section 5A,
overtime will no longer
be paid at time and a half.
This is awesome!
Claw five!
(WHOOPING)
I love Toy Guy.
See? You need a thing.
Like YouTube Clip Guy.
(BABY CRYING)
(ALL EXCLAIMING)
You're right.
I do need a thing.
But choose wisely.
You
don't want to be
Creepy Back Rub Guy.
Hey, don't fill up.
Food Guy's got
Panna Cotta in
his office.
Ooh!
DOUGLAS: Hey, buddy.
Hey, Douglas.
Wow. You're so tight.
I was
relaxed about
two seconds ago.
You're next.
Hi.
Welcome to
Mosbius Designs.
(SIGHS)
Who the hell are you?
I'm PJ,
Mr. Mosby's assistant.
Ted,
what the hell is going...
I'm sorry,
we do not interrupt Mr. Mosby
during his brainstorming hour.
(INTERCOM BEEPING)
It's okay, PJ.
That's Robin.
She lives here.
Oh, I'm sorry
for the disturbance, sir.
Do you need anything else?
Well, I wouldn't
say no to a cup of...
You're right there!
So now Ted has an assistant
to help him not do anything.
Hey, PJ's been
a huge help to
me,
setting up the office,
designing the web site.
And in return,
I'm mentoring a
bright, young mind.
Ah, yes, the mentoring.
I want you to go
outside today
and simply
put your hands on
buildings. All right?
Feel the concrete pulse.
Listen.
Listen to the stories
the stones are telling you.
And pick up
my dry cleaning.
I will.
Thank you so much, Mr. Mosby.
All right.
Hey, Ted?
(DOOR CLOSES)
This table
just told me
you're a douche.
This whole mentoring
thing is just another way
to procrastinate from
actually calling clients.
I'm not procrastinating.
I just...
I want everything
to be perfect, okay?
I only get
one shot at this.
Fine, but PJ
is not helping.
Hey, hey.
If Ted says that PJ is
important to the company,
then PJ is not
going anywhere.
See? He's very valuable.
Whoa, whoa.
PJ's a guy?
PJ's not some hot
chick you're banging?
No, I'm mentoring him.
(GROANING IN DISGUST)
Mentoring.
I mentored
a young fellow once.
Even made him my wingman.
Then, one day,
he hired an assistant
to work 10 feet
from his bedroom
who, get this,
isn't a hot chick,
proving he
never listened
to a word I said.
And do you know
that young man's name?
Ted Mosby?
Maybe.
I don't remember.
Because he is dead to me!
PJ's gonna be getting
a very confusing card
in the mail
along with a garment
that he should by
no means
wear for three days
and then mail back
to me.
Hey, Barney.
I thought
of a thing to make
me more essential here.
I'm Eco Guy, 'cause everybody
loves a guy who recycles,
right?
Fired. What else you got?
I thought of a few
others. Wacky Tie Guy.
Fired.
Daily Fun Fact Guy?
Did you know
that you're fired?
I Know a Good
Stretch for That Guy?
Downward-facing fired.
Monty Python Guy?
(IMITATING KNIGHTS) We are
the knights who say,
"You're fired."
Wait! Wait! I did
use to run a fantasy
baseball league
back in law school.
That's not bad.
You might be onto something.
Awesome. Awesome!
I'll be Fantasy Guy!
We'll have
to make you Sports Guy.
We already have a Fantasy Guy.
What's up, bros?
Hey, Frank.
(WHIRRING)
(CELL PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
Hey, PJ.
Where are you?
You're never late.
You're on top of
the Empire State
Building?
(LAUGHS)
Listen to the old gal.
She's got some stories
to tell.
Take
all the time
you need. Okay.
Wait a second.
"Ted Mosby Home."
Oh, my God,
the call's coming
from inside the house.
That's not the
Empire State Building.
Robin,
you cannot sleep
with my assistant.
I'm trying to
run a business here.
How did this even happen?
Well,
at lunch, when you
go on your wisdom walks,
it gives me and PJ
some time alone together.
Inspiration,
do your thing.
It always does, sir.
It always does.
Hey, PJ, I actually have an
architectural question for
you.
How does Ted's ass taste?
I wouldn't know, but I
assume it tastes like
genius.
(SIGHING)
(RATTLING)
Why is the bathroom locked?
Visitors
need to sign in
for the bathroom key.
Listen, Peej, and I want you
to think this over real good
before you answer.
Are you
telling me that I can't go to
the bathroom in my apartment?
No. I am telling you
that you need
to ask permission
to use
the bathroom
in my office.
Why is that so hot?
Robin,
there are billions
of guys in the world.
Why do you have to
sleep with my assistant?
Ted, when I get off work,
it's 5:30 in the morning.
Do you have any idea
what kind of guys
I'm meeting?
I deliver newspapers.
It's a dirty job,
but somebody's
got to do it.
(LAUGHING)
Don't worry. I'll wash them
before I handle your business.
I live with my mom.
At night,
we watch TV in her bed.
We call it Cuddle Club.
So, you get up
really early to trade on
the European stock exchanges.
What's that like?
Look,
is this gonna
happen or not?
Okay, first of all,
I've hung out with
Fantasy Guy.
You could do a lot worse.
Secondly, this has to stop.
Distracting PJ is going
to kill our productivity.
(SCOFFS) What productivity?
You haven't even
called a single
client.
Hey, once
I get the website up,
the brochures printed,
and figure out
what trust games
we're going to play
at the
corporate retreat,
I am making those calls.
Corporate retreat?
Mr. Mosby and I are
going camping on
the roof.
Hey, Sports Guy.
I hear
people are raving
about your league.
It's a lot harder than
I thought it would be.
Between entry fees
and transaction fees
and penalty fees,
I'm actually...
I'm holding on
to a lot of money.
Great work, Sports Guy.
That's for last week.
MARSHALL: ...60, 80, 100.
Okay. This is $18,000 cash.
It's not a big deal.
I'll just take it home
and put it somewhere safe.
Okay,
just walking down the street
with some money in my pocket.
Don't touch the money.
That's
so obvious.
Just be cool.
Oh, no.
The baby's onto me.
Babies
can smell money.
Everyone knows that!
I'm carrying
a lot of money!
Seriously, dude, I'm not sure
how much longer I can keep
doing this.
Marshall, last week you
were trash that no one
wanted to look at.
Now, you're Sports Guy.
I was trash?
Last week!
Hey,
there's Ted Mosby
of Mosbius Designs.
How's the home
office coming,
buddy?
Well, it was going great till
Robin started banging my
assistant.
(EXCLAIMING)
Ted, it's our apartment,
okay?
You leave
a big chocolate
cake on the counter,
Mama's gonna cut her off
a slice.
I told you.
Hire a cute assistant
that you can sleep with,
but instead you
hire a cute assistant
that Robin can sleep with.
And of course
he's gonna sleep with
her, Ted. Look at her!
She's the greatest
woman on the planet!
I'm getting off topic!
You're an idiot!
That's
my message!
You're an idiot!
No.
One person
storming off isn't enough!
Marshall, storm off with me!
Barney.
Dude, why are
you this upset
about Ted not having sex
with the people he hires?
Because it hurts!
It hurts you how?
It hurts because I love
Ted
having sex with women.
I'm a very dedicated wingman!
Look, Lily's the only person
that I can talk to about
this stuff.
Just get her to talk to me.
I'll try, but look,
there's no guarantees.
She's still really
outraged about that joke.
(SIGHING) That joke!
Tore our little group apart,
pitted people I love against
each other.
Seriously, I wish...
I wish that joke had
never come into our lives.
(LAUGHING)
It's kind of
funny though,
right?
It's so funny, man.
Hey, good news, PJ.
The brochures you
designed just came in.
Really interesting
choice for the cover.
I like how instead of one of
my designs, you chose this.
You know what? I must've
sent in the wrong photo.
You think?
Look, PJ,
the website's
still not done.
You didn't even show up
to the corporate retreat.
By the way,
I saw a shooting star,
and you're late every day!
I'm sorry, PJ.
I gotta get focused.
You're fired.
You can't fire...
PJ, you're fired.
Fine!
Hey, baby.
I just got fired.
Yeah,
I'll wait for
you at your place.
Okay, bye.
(CHEERING ON TV)
Oh! Wheel of Fortune.
I love having all this
free time to spend
with you.
I'm going to kiss
you here and here.
Ooh! Ooh!
And here and here. And...
Oh!
Please stop.
I'm going to go
to the bathroom.
I'll miss you.
I'll miss you, too.
You're already sick
of him, aren't you?
He's driving me crazy.
When PJ had a job,
he was sexy.
He was guardian
of the bathroom key.
A hot guy
telling you when
you can and can't pee?
(SIGHS) That's the dream.
That's the dream? The dream?
Like what Martin Luther King
was talking about?
I have
to end it, don't I?
I'm terrible at breakups.
I still have to
go a little bit,
but I couldn't
be away from you
one second longer.
Oh! Listen.
Dude, I don't know.
What?
Yeah, it's just...
It's not really...
Ix-nay, you know?
Ix-nay on what?
Not feeling it.
Not feeling what?
But friends and stuff?
Oh, my God, this is
the worst breakup ever.
You're breaking up with me?
If that's
what you want,
I totally understand.
Hey, you still haven't
activated that shortstop
the Mariners just brought up.
Gotta have it. Ha!
(LAUGHING)
See, Sports Guy?
People love you.
I can't be Sports
Guy anymore, okay?
It's killing me!
I keep getting
these constant
texts
and e-mails and phone calls
in the middle of the night.
(SOFTLY)
Sometimes I even think
that I'm being followed.
Hey, buddy.
I need you to push
that trade through,
so I can set up my new lineup.
Wow,
you really carry it in
your shoulders, don't you?
Seriously, it's over.
Do you want me to stop?
No.
OLDER TED: With Robin and PJ
broken up, I was free to make
some staffing
changes in the office.
Hi,
welcome to
Mosbius Designs.
(SIGHS) You got
to be kidding me.
OLDER TED: And now that
PJ was back at work...
You got to be kidding me.
So, apparently Robin
and PJ are an item again.
You got to be kidding me!
(COUGHING)
Are you all right?
(SIGHING)
Okay, since Lily's
not talking to me,
there's something
that I have to tell you.
And this isn't easy
to say, all right?
I'm... Wait for it.
...in... Wait for it.
...love... Wait for it.
...with... Wait for it.
(SIGHING)
...a... Wait for it.
...certain...
Wait for it.
I know that you're
in love with Robin!
What?
Lily told me.
She told you?
Great.
(SCOFFS)
I bet you guys
have been laughing at me
behind my back the whole time.
Actually, in a weird way,
we both think you're kind
of perfect for each other.
You do?
Yeah. Matter of fact,
we even try to sit on
the same side of the booth
so you two will
have to sit together.
Really? That's so sweet.
But let's be clear.
I don't love her.
Okay?
I just miss her
when she's not around.
I think
about her all the time,
and I imagine us one day
running towards each
other in slow motion,
and I'm wearing
a brown suede vest.
Are you ever going to
tell her how you feel?
No. Maybe.
Never. I don't know. Look...
(EXCLAIMS)
I just need to get that
PJ idiot away from her.
If Lily were here, she'd know
exactly how to get rid of him.
Maybe I can help.
Marshall, you're no Lily.
Lily is a diabolical
puppet master, subtly
manipulating every situation
to get
exactly what she wants.
She's pure evil, Marshall.
You got a good one there.
Hang on to her.
OLDER TED: Meanwhile,
my bizarre tug of war
with Robin over PJ continued.
Hey, PJ.
I was about to go
on my wisdom walk.
Want to join me?
Hey, PJ. I took
the bathroom key
without asking.
What
are you going
to do about it?
(SIGHING)
Look, you guys
are both great,
but the truth is
I'm taking another job.
These are for you.
Robin,
I hope this letter
offers some closure.
Ted, I'm really
going to miss you.
You can't
trade Manny Ramirez
for two middle relievers!
If you veto that trade,
I am out of the league!
Okay! Okay!
I'll figure it out.
Hire the kid to be
a paralegal.
He gets to do all the work,
and you still get to be
Sports Guy.
Pure evil, Eriksen.
Pure evil.
Hey, thanks.
Hey. You okay?
What if I don't
think of the books?
Excuse me?
There's this famous
architecture story
about an architect
who designed this
library.
It was perfect.
But every year,
the whole thing would
sink a couple of
inches into the ground.
Eventually,
the building
was condemned.
He forgot to account
for the weight of
the books.
This company,
it's just me.
What if I don't
think of the books?
Okay, first of all,
nobody goes to libraries
anymore,
so who cares
about that guy?
Secondly, you
need to get on the phone
and start calling clients.
The longer I put off
starting my own firm,
the longer it can
remain a dream and not
something I screwed up at.
I mean,
it's like I'm giving
up before I even started.
You want to talk
about giving up?
I used
to describe
my ideal guy as
funny, smart,
passionate, challenging.
And now, apparently, I will
settle for "in my apartment."
I mean, didn't you think you'd
have it all more figured out
by now?
Are you kidding?
By 30, I was going to
be annoyingly successful,
married to
the perfect woman,
maybe a kid on the way.
Instead,
I'm just some guy
sitting in his apartment
having a staring
contest with his
phone.
And losing.
Hey. You can take that thing.
(SIGHS)
Hi, this is
Ted Mosby of
Mosbius Designs.
I'm calling to inquire about
any design needs you may have
now or in the future.
That sounds great, buddy.
Really? I sound confident?
Yup.
Now call an actual client.
Great.
Hey, Food Guy!
Hey, Toy Guy!
Who's that guy?
He doesn't work here.
I think we should
leave the building.
Really?
This has happened before.